[running footsteps]
-[drunk] Morty, you gotta come with me.
-[scared] What's going on, Rick?
-I got a surprise for you.
-It's the middle of the night.
I got a surprise for you.
Hurry up, gotta go.
Ow! You're tugging me too hard!
What do you think
of this flying vehicle, Morty?
I built it out of stuff
I found in the garage.
It's great.
Is this the surprise?
Morty, I had to... I had to do...
I had to make a bomb, Morty.
I had to create a bomb--
[scared] What? A bomb?
We're going to drop it down there,
it's going to get a whole fresh start.
-That's absolutely crazy!
-Just take it easy, it's gonna be good.
We're gonna go pick up
your little friend Jessica.
Jessica? From my math class?
When I drop the bomb, I don't...
you know...
I want you to have somebody,
to have a thing.
I'm gonna make it like a new Adam and Eve
and you're gonna be Adam.
-Huh?
-And Jessica's gonna be Eve.
-That's the surprise.
-No you can't!
Jessica doesn't even know I exist!
But forget about that,
you can't blow up humanity!
I get what you're trying to say.
You don't gotta worry about me
trying to fool around with Jessica,
or mess around with her.
I'm not that kind of guy.
What are you talking about?
Don't worry about me getting
with Jessica or anything.
She's all for you, Morty.
[irritated] I don't care about Jessica!
You're right. Let's forget her,
she's probably nothing but trouble.
[computer voice] Arming Neutrino bomb.
-That's it! I'm taking the wheel!
-Get off of me!
-I'm taking charge of this situation!
-What's gotten into you?
-If you love Earth so much, marry it.
-I'm not gonna let you...
-What are you crazy?
-...blow up the whole world!
All right, Morty.
I'll land the thing, I'll land the thing.
Big tough guy all of the sudden.
[abrupt crash]
Just park it here,
side of the reroad here.
Oh, thank God!
You know what?
That was all a test, Morty.
Just an elaborate test
to make you more assertive.
-It was?
-Sure. Why not, I don't know.
You know what, Mo--
[snore]
[computer voice] Neutrino bomb armed.
Bomb?
[rising beep]
[Rick and Morty main theme]
I see there's a new episode
of that singing show tonight.
Who do you guys think
is gonna be the best singer?
Oh my God, his head
is in his food, I'm gonna puke.
Are you getting sick?
I told you not to practice-kiss the living
room pillow, the dog sleeps on it.
I wasn't kissing a pillow, mom,
I didn't get a lot of sleep last night.
Maybe my dreams
were just too loud or something.
Or maybe you were out all night
again with grandpa Rick.
Dad?
Everyone's supposed to sleep
every single night, now?
You realize that time
makes up half of all time?
-[angry] Damn it!
-[scolding] Jerry...
-[irritated] Beth!
-God, they're so loud I wanna die.
There is no God, Summer.
Rip that band-aid off now,
you'll thank me later.
With all due respect, Rick... What am I
talking about? What respect is due?
How is my son
supposed to pass his classes
if you keep dragging him off
for highconcept sci-fi rigmarole?
Jerry, I don't want
to overstep my bounds or anything.
It's your house, your world,
you're a real Julius Caesar
But I'll tell you how I feel
about school. It's a waste of time.
Bunch of people running around,
bumping into each other.
Guy up front says two plus two,
the people in the back say four,
then the bell rings, they give you
a carton of milk and a piece of paper
that says you can go take a dump.
It's not a place for smart people, Jerry.
I know that's not a popular opinion,
but it's my two cents on the issue.
This was a good breakfast, Beth.
You really made the crap
out of those eggs.
I wish your mother was here
to eat them.
-[stricken] Oh, Dad.
-What? For real?
[man] Everybody get settled.
[bell rings] Get away from the windows!
We're going to be dealing
with some real serious stuff today.
You might have heard of it,
it's called math?
Without it, none of us would even exist.
So let's jump right in. Two plus two?
-[everybody] Four
-Jessica...
-[teacher] Five plus five?
-[Morty] Tenssica.
Okay, good. It's time for the quiz.
-[everybody] Aw!
-You know what? "Aw", too bad. Tough!
First row take one
pass it back for me?
The stakes are high in this room.
[voice trails off] There's crucial things
happening here, every day.
People getting smarter, some of
y'all getting dumber...
-[sexy girl voice] Hi, Morty.
-Whoa!
-Hi, Jessica.
-Can I show these to you?
Wow. They're both great, thank you.
You know what I named these?
My little Morties.
That's flattering...
and a little weird.
Do you know what I want you
to do with them?
Rename them?
Squeeze them. Manhandle them.
Give them the business.
See if you can shuffle them, get in there
and knock them around, no wrong answers.
Wow, well, okay, Jessica.
Let's give this a shot!
[aroused] Oh, Morty!
What are you doing to me?
Uh, I'm just doing my best.
-Morty! What are you doing to me?
-[mumbles asleep] Jessica...
Morty!
Jessica...
Five more minutes of this
and I'm gonna get mad.
Jessica...
It's not my fault this is happening.
[bell rings]
-Well, well, well.
-Uh!
-Morning, Frank.
-What's that supposed to mean?
Are you making fun of me?
Are you saying my family's poor?
Geez, I don't know
if a knife is necessary,
you kind of had
things handled without it.
You telling me how to bully now?
Big mistake, Morty.
And now I'm gonna cut you,
'cause my family's rich-- [groans]
There you are, Morty. Listen, I've got
an errand to run in a different dimension,
-I need an extra pair of hands.
-Geez, Rick, what'd you do to Frank?
It's pretty obvious, I froze him.
Now listen: I need your help.
I mean, we gotta get the hell out of here
and go take care of business. [burps]
-It's important. Come on, Morty.
-I can't leave school again...
Do you know how much higher
the stakes get out there?
Do you think I can do it all by myself?
Come on!
Oh, geez, okay. I guess I can
skip History. What about Frank?
Shouldn't you unfreeze him?
I'll do it later, Morty.
He'll be fine. Let's go.
[Summer thinks] Oh my god.
I'm about to walk past Frank Palicky.
This is the story
we'll be telling our children.
Hi, Frank.
[cracking noise]
[shrieks]
-Scalpel.
-Knock knock.
-Jerry?
My manager gave me an hour for
lunch, and I thought:
"Hey, why not swing
by where your wife works?"
[cardiograph beeps]
[doctor] We're losing him! He's back.
Please tell me you're here
for an urgent reason.
Well, it's lunch.
It's one of three meals
that have existed for millennia.
[doctor] Losing him. Stabilized.
I only ask, Jerry, because as you know,
my job involves performing heart surgery.
-[mutters] Yeah... on horses.
-Excuse me?
Okay, let's not rehash that fight.
I sense that you're busy
and will now be on my way.
Whoa, what is this on the floor?
Some kind of literature
for a really nice looking nursing home.
Hey, honey! Crazy idea? Bad pitch:
Let's put your dad in a nursing home.
[cardiograph beeps]
We're losing him.
Hey, Tom, we know when we're losing him,
[yells] we can hear the beeps!
There she is. Let's go, Morty.
Oh, geez, okay.
Oh man, Rick! What is this place?
It's dimension 35C.
And it's got the perfect climate
conditions for a special type of tree,
called the mega tree,
and there's fruit in those trees,
and seeds in those fruits.
I'm talking about mega seeds.
[burps] They're incredibly powerful
and I need them for my research.
[worried] Oh, man, I'm starting to work up
some anxiety about this whole thing.
Alright, calm down. I know
that new situations can be intimidating.
You look around,
and it's all scary and different,
but meeting them head-on,
charging right into them like a bull,
that's how we grow as people.
I deal with scary situations all the time.
If you just stick with me, Morty,
we're gonna be--
Holy crap, Morty! Run!
[alien roars]
Run! I've never seen that thing before.
I don't know what the hell it is.
We gotta get out of here, Morty!
It's gonna kill us! We're gonna die!
Take a deep breath, breathe
that fresh air in. You smell that?
That's the smell of adventure.
That's the smell of a whole different
evolutionary timeline.
How much longer is this gonna be?
Shouldn't I be back at school by now?
Are you joking me? Look at all
the crazy crap surrounding us.
Look at that thing right there.
What the hell is that thing?
You think you're gonna see that kind
of thing at school? Look at it!
-It defies all logic.
-Yeah, Rick, I get it.
We're surrounded by monsters.
That's kind of the reason
why I wanna leave.
Morty, you see this?
[celestial music]
You see what we just stumbled upon?
Any idea what that is down there?
-The mega trees?
-That's right, with the mega fruit on 'em!
That's what I'm talking about,
that's where my seeds are.
If we woulda done what you wanted,
I would have never have found them,
-because you're so in love with school.
-All right.
What's so special about these seeds?
You ask a lot of questions, Morty.
Not very charismatic.
It makes you kind of
[burps] an under foot figure.
Just take these special grappling shoes.
When you're wearing these babies, you can
just walk on any surface you want,
Up, down, below,
turned around to the left.
These things really bring it all together.
[Morty screams]
You have to turn them on, Morty.
The shoes have to be turned on!
[Beth] I'm not putting my father
in a home!
He just came back into my life and
you want to grab him under a mattress
like last month's Victoria's Secret?
I was ordering you
something for Valentine's Day.
More importantly, your father is
a horrible influence on our son!
-Everything cool in here?
-It's fine, Davin.
Okay, cool.
You know we did something great today.
There's nothing more noble and free
than the heart of a horse.
Since we're fighting, if you ever
have an affair with him,
I'll come to the hotel room and blow
my brains out all over your naked bodies.
Look, I appreciate
the stress you're under,
but Morty was having trouble in school
way before my Dad moved in,
and the only influence
I can see Rick having,
is that for the first time in his life
Morty has a friend.
[phone rings]
-Maybe you're right.
-Yeah, maybe I am.
I'm my father's daughter, I'm smart.
Why do you think I'm a heart surgeon?
[mutters] For horses...
Mrs. Smith? This is Principal Vagina.
No relation.
I wonder if you and Morty's father might
be able to have a chat with me today.
[dramatic music]
[Morty moans] Morty, you really did
a number on your legs right now.
You know you gotta turn the shoes on
for them to work.
I turned mine on, and getting down here
was a leisurely breeze.
I'm in a lot of pain, Rick.
[burps] I can see that. But do you think
you'll still be able to help me
collect my seeds?
Are you kidding me? That's it, Rick!
That's the last straw!
I'm sitting here
with both of my legs broken,
and you're still asking me about
getting those seeds? [cries out in pain]
You're a monster!
You're like Hitler, but even him
cared about Germany or something.
Okay, hold on just a second.
[continues crying out in pain]
Wow, Rick, that stuff just healed
my broken legs instantly!
I've never felt so good in my life!
Thank you!
Don't worry about it.
Just come help me get these seeds.
Sure thing, Rick.
Not that you asked,
but I went into a future dimension
with such advanced medicine
that they had broken leg serum
at every corner drug store.
-The stuff was all over the place.
-That's pretty crazy.
There's just one problem,
one little hang up.
The dimension I visited
was so advanced,
they had also halted the aging process.
Everyone was young,
and they had been forever.
I was the only old person there [burps],
I was some sort of celebrity walking
around. I was fascinating to them.
There were a lot of attractive women
and they all wanted time with me.
I had a lot of fun
with a lot of young ladies,
but I spent so much time there,
my interdimensional portal device...
it's got no charge left, Morty.
It's as good as garbage.
It's not gonna work anymore.
Aw, geez, Rick, that's not good!
What are we gonna do?
I have to be at school right now.
How are we gonna get back home?
There's ways to get back home, but
it's gonna be a little bit of a hassle.
We're going to have to go through
interdimensional customs.
So you're gonna have to do me
a real solid. When we get to customs,
I'm gonna need you to take these
to the bathroom
and put them way up inside your butthole.
-In my butt?
-Way up inside, as far as they can fit.
Oh, geez, I really don't want
to have to do that.
Well, somebody's got to do it, Morty.
They aren't gonna get through customs
unless they're in someone's rectum.
And they'll fall right out of mine.
I've done this too many times.
You're young. You've got
your whole life ahead of you,
and your anal cavity
is still taut yet malleable.
You gotta do it for grandpa!
Put these seeds inside your butt!
-In my butt?
-Come on, please. You have to do it!
Oh, man.
[bell rings]
Your son, Morty, has attended this school
for a total of seven hours
over the last two months.
-Why didn't you notify us?
-I done been notifying you.
I left messages
with Morty's grandfather.
Boom! Told you! In your face!
He is ruining our child--
-Wait, what am I celebrating?
-I thought something was fishy,
because it's usually him
that's taking Morty out of school.
[weeps] What kind of God lets this happen?
We had a little incident,
a student was frozen to death.
And there's no evidence
that a Latino student did it.
Everyone wants to take this
to a racial place, I won't let them.
[loudspeaker voice] The glarp zone
is for flarping and unglarping only.
So I told him, give me the Blimfarx.
This guy doesn't understand
interstellar currency...
It's like I'm trying to eat a flimflam,
that's what we eat on Girvonesk...
[loudspeaker voice] The glarp zone
is for flarping and unglarping only.
I don't like it here.
I can't abide bureaucracy.
I don't like being told what to do.
Did you get those seeds up your butt?
Yeah, Rick. Let's just get this over with,
okay? These things are pointy, they hurt.
That means they're good ones.
You're a good kid.
Those mega seeds are super valuable
to my work, you've been a huge help.
I'm gonna be able to do all [burps] kinds
of things with them. It's gonna be great.
-[burps] All kinds of science.
-Next through.
-Except you, you go over there.
-Why?
Random check.
Go through the new machine.
What new machine?
It detects stuff
all the way up your butt.
Run, Morty!
[Morty screams]
Red alert!
[alarm]
[chase music]
[alien shrieks]
[Morty screams]
[Morty coughs, alien cries]
Don't think about it.
[shoes beep]
Nice, Morty!
The student becomes the teacher!
[buzz]
[both scream]
Aw, hell no, dog, you know me,
I'm just trying to--
I need to type in the coordinates
to our world. Cover me!
Aw, man!
I don't want to shoot nobody!
They're just robots, Morty.
It's okay to shoot them.
[cries out in pain]
-My leg is shot off!
-Glenn's bleeding to death!
-Someone call his wife and children!
-They're not robots!
It's a figure of speech! They're
bureaucrats, I don't respect them!
Keep shooting! You have no idea
what prison is like here!
Holy crap! This is insane!
[aliens scream]
We gotta get the hell out of here!
Wow! Did you just come
into the cafeteria through a portal?
[nervous] Uh, yeah, well, my Ferrari's
in the shop. [nervous laugh] Just kidding.
-You're Morty, right?
-You can get his number later. Come on.
You gotta get those seeds
out of your ass.
Oh, look, honey, it's our son,
with Albert Ein-douche.
-What?
-I'm an angry father, not an improviser.
Hi, Jerry. Oh my goodness, Morty!
What are you doing out of class?
We talked about this, your parents and I
are very disappointed in this behavior.
No? No takers?
You should not touch that,
it's beyond your reasoning.
You're beyond our reasoning!
-Takes one to know one!
-Dad!
How could you make my son
miss an entire semester of school?
He's not a hot girl,
he can't just bail on his life
and set up shop in someone else's!
-What are you guys doing with my stuff?
-We're moving you... to a nursing home.
A nursing home? Are you nuts?
I'm a genius! I build robots for fun.
Now you can build baskets,
and watch Paul Newman movies on VHS
-and mentally scar scouts on Christmas.
-What does that mean?
-It's personal.
-Dad, Mom, come on!
-Rick just needed my help, is all.
-Morty, stay out of this.
You are obviously not capable of judging
these situations on your own.
Are you trying to say
that he's stupid or something?
Don't high road us, dad.
You know well that Morty is the last child
that needs to be missing classes!
I don't know what you mean,
could you be a little bit more specific?
Oh, for crying out!
He's got some kind of disability.
Is that what you want us to say?
-I do?
-Well, duh doy, son.
Look, I love you, Morty, but we both know
you're not as fast as the other kids.
If you want to compete in this world,
you've got to work twice as hard.
Aw, geez, dad... That's a lot
to drop on a kid all at once.
-Morty, tell them the square root of pi.
-Come on, Rick, you know I can't.
The square root of pi!
1,77245385. Whoa!
-What the hell?
-Holy crap, he's right!
Morty, tell your parents the first law
of [burps] thermodynamics.
The increment
in the internal energy of a system
is equal to the increment of heat supplied
to the system. Wow, I'm so smart!
I told you, school is stupid.
It's not how you learn things.
Morty is a gifted child, he has
a special mind, that's why he's my helper.
He's like me! He's gonna be doing
great science stuff later in his life.
He's too smart for school. He needs to
keep hanging out, [burps] and helping me.
Jerry, I don't want
whatever's happening here to stop.
No, I understand.
Maybe we overreacted, but...
-he has to keep going to school.
-Okay, Jerry, you drive a hard bargain,
but what am I supposed to do?
[burps] Say "no"?
You really wear the pants around here.
I just want you to know, from now on,
it's gonna be a 100% honesty
and open, clear communication.
[sobs] Frank Palicky
was frozen to death today!
-No idea what you're talking about.
-Okay, well...
Morty, it's your bed time in an hour.
Don't stay up all night again.
This is good, though. This can work.
I think we can be a family.
And now, Beth, if you will have me,
I would love to have you.
You know what? Okay!
Holy cow! I didn't know hanging out
with you was making me smarter.
Full disclosure, Morty: it's not.
Temporary superintelligence
is a side effect of the mega seeds
dissolving in your rectum.
-Aw, man!
-Yeah, and once those seeds wear off,
you're going to lose your motor skills
and a significant amount
of brain functionality
for 72 hours, Morty.
Starting... [burps] right about now.
Aw, man! Aw, geez!
I'm sorry, Morty. It's a bummer.
In reality, you're as dumb as they come.
I needed those seeds real bad,
and I had to give them up
to get your parents off my back.
Now we're gonna have to go get more.
And then we're gonna go
on even more adventures.
And you're going to keep your mouth shut
'cause the world is full of idiots
that don't understand what's important,
and they'll tear us apart.
But if you stick with me,
I'm gonna accomplish great things.
and you're gonna be part of them.
Together we're gonna do all kinds
of wonderful things, Morty.
Just you and me, Morty.
The outside world is our enemy.
We're the only friends we've got.
It's just Rick and Morty. Rick and Morty,
and their adventures, Morty.
Rick and Morty forever!
A hundred years, Rick and Morty's things.
Me and Rick and Morty running around,
and Rick and Morty time.
All day long, forever.
All a hundred days.
Rick and Morty forever,
a hundred times.
Over and over,
rick-and-morty-adventures.com.
www.rick-and-morty.com.
www.rick-and-morty-adventures.com.
All hundred years.
Every-minute-rick-and-morty.com.
[Morty moans in pain]
www.hundred-times-rick-and-morty.com.
[Rick and Morty main theme]